Add ADR for systemd unit file handling decision. (#37)
stackabletech/documentation: adr/ADR004-systemd_unit_file_location.adoc

> = Use English as Documentation Language

Reviewer: outdated

Sönke Liebau <soenke.liebau@stackable.de>

> v1.0, 19.08.2020

Reviewer: outdated

Systemd has a couple of directories where these files can be placed and offers ways of adding non-standard directories to that list.
We need to decide where to put these files.

== Decision Drivers

* Familiarity of admins with solution
* Added complexity
* Implementation effort
* Making cleanup of a server as easy as possible if Stackable stack is removed

== Considered Options

* Use $SYSTEMD_UNIT_PATH to globally add a new directory
* Symlink unit files to default location
* Create unit files in default location

== Decision Outcome

Chosen option: "Create unit files in default location"

We loose no functionality over any of the other options, but it is far easier to implement and has less added complexity for the sysadmins.

We will put unit files in _/lib/systemd/system_ which is the proper directory for unit files provided by installed packages.
_/etc/systemd/system_ is a directory with higher priority for user created units, not using this directory gives admins the option of creating a temporary override unit file here for testing/debugging/... purposes.

=== Positive Consequences

* Admins will find the unit files where they are used to finding them

> * The risk of the community fragmenting into a german community and an international community is much lower

Reviewer: These two are leftovers I assume

* Higher pool of candidates to help out during the initial project phase

=== Negative Consequences

> * No versioning of unit files, as the current one will always be overwritten (this can be mitigated by keeping)

Reviewer: sentence ends too soon

== Pros and Cons of the Options

=== Use $SYSTEMD_UNIT_PATH to globally add a new directory

* Good, because this would completely isolate our unit files from the rest of the system
* Bad, because this appears to be functionality used only for testing
* Bad, because setting this environment variable would need to be done very early during system startup, necessitating potentially dangerous changes to the server
* Bad, because this would create an unusual place to look for unit files that sysadmins are not aware of

=== Symlink unit files to default location

* Good, because it would allow us to keep unit files in a central location
* Bad, because it adds a level of indirection that sysadmins are probably not used to

> * Bad, becausa it create the possibility of symlinks pointing at wrong unit files (if we version unit files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bad, because it creates the possibility of symlinks pointing at wrong unit files (if we version unit files)
```
